how that guys to the pet here and today
we're playing some more Disney infinity
and I want to show you a little trick
about how to level from 1 to 15 really
fast without like going through the game
and it usually takes a long time through
campaign and stuff so I'm just gonna
show you a different way to do it as you
might have seen at the beginning of the
video on level 15 with syndrome I've
already done the same thing with Mickey
so woman to do today is I'm gonna switch
this out and we'll put in a new
character I've never used before which
is Randall or Randy so what we're gonna
do is go into the toy box press select
and then we're gonna go to where it says
build mode see at the bottom there it
says action toys we're gonna need to
unlock the fan so if you haven't
unlocked fan you need to go do some
spins and unlock the fan because that's
key to doing this so once you have the
fan you're gonna want to place it down
and then you're gonna want to go to
getting a car but specifically we're
gonna do stunt buggy so put that down -
alright so we're gonna go on here we're
just gonna ends up here just a little
bit if you see right there I'm just
floating I'm hovering up here so I can
do any kind of tricks I want to right
here and this is how we're gonna get the
the experience really fast because it's
gonna count it as like one big giant
trick and gonna give you lots of
experience for it so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna do this trick where you
just go forward and I'm gonna take some
tape and you can use probably a rubber
band or something like that I'm just
gonna use some scotch tape and I'm gonna
put the thumb stick in up position at
the right thumbstick that is and just
gonna let it go and we'll put another
piece of tape on there this mixture
doesn't come off now the key to this is
your your wireless controller will turn
off but I'm gonna do this with a plugged
in like a plug-and-play wireless
controller or if you have a wired
controller
the Xbox 360 or ps3 or whatever device
you're using or whatever console you're
using you want to do that and I'm just
gonna let it sit I'm gonna fast-forward
through this and I'm gonna show you how
much experience I get from this
you
all right so what I'm gonna do now guys
is this level it out and I'm going to
fall off here
it's a little divot difficult just don't
push it too far because you might fall
off or he might lose the the trick which
would be a waste your time there we go
and just land it see that low fifteen
it's that easy and okay I recorded about
two hours and twenty minutes but I think
two hours will do it I just let this go
in a little bit too long but as you see
right there I'm getting all the level up
coins so the spins and all that stuff
and if this is your first time doing
feats or anything like that you'll get a
lot of feats along the way as well which
go towards different achievements also
if you do this on three characters then
you'll unlock this achievement level up
three characters 2:15 there's also one
for level up two characters four to 15
and also one for level up from one
character to 15 so in between those
three achievements you get 135
gamerscore just from doing this this is
gonna save you a lot of time you'll be
able to get that achievement really easy
if you're an achievement hunter and big
shout out to grab a knife from two
achievements calm for discovering this
all right you guys thanks for watching
y'all have a good day and I will talk to
you later
skittle